README.md, before:

# Shelf-Life  ![alt text](https://img.shields.io/badge/Food-Is%20Life-yellow)


## Description

- The object of this app is to give the user a more effective way of tracking the food items they buy.
- This project was developed to help user's know which food items are about expire.
- Having this App technology will benefit the user saving them time and money.

## Credits

[William Crownover](https://github.com/WilliamCrownover)   

[Jose Diaz](https://github.com/hotsoup42)    

[Jeff Lynch](https://github.com/kingami34)



## Table of Contents 
- [Title](#Title)

- [Description](#Description)

- [Credits](#Credits)

- [Installation](#installation)

- [Demo](#Demo)

- [License](#license)

- [Features](#Features)

## Installation
>The first thing you need to do is to go into VScode and create a folders/files project. 

>Then install npm inquirer, MySql2, Express, connect-session-sequelize, bcrypt, express-handlebars, dotenv, sequelize.

>Then your dependencies will be added package.json, & package-lock.json

## Demo

  ![README](./public/assets/shelflifevideo.gif)


## License

 ![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen)
--- web app hosted on Heroku that helps shoppers keep track of their groceries expiration dates.


## Features
> Storing food item list

> Adding expiration dates to food items

> Future features coming soon

Commit message:

Added link to live site. Fixed gif link

README.md, after:

# Shelf-Life  ![alt text](https://img.shields.io/badge/Food-Is%20Life-yellow)


## Description

- The objective of this app is to give the user a more effective way of tracking the food items they buy.
- This project was developed to help user's know which food items are about expire.
- Having this App technology will benefit the user saving them time and money.

## Live Site

https://shelf-life-206.herokuapp.com/

## Credits

[William Crownover](https://github.com/WilliamCrownover)   

[Jose Diaz](https://github.com/hotsoup42)    

[Jeff Lynch](https://github.com/kingami34)



## Table of Contents 
- [Title](#Title)

- [Description](#Description)

- [Credits](#Credits)

- [Installation](#installation)

- [Demo](#Demo)

- [License](#license)

- [Features](#Features)

## Installation
>The first thing you need to do is to go into VScode and create a folders/files project. 

>Then install npm inquirer, MySql2, Express, connect-session-sequelize, bcrypt, express-handlebars, dotenv, sequelize and luxon.

>Then your dependencies will be added to package.json, & package-lock.json

## Demo

  <img src="./public/assets/shelflifevideo.gif" width="1200" alt="Animated gif demonstration of web app"/>


## License

 ![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen)
--- web app hosted on Heroku that helps shoppers keep track of their groceries expiration dates.


## Features
> Storing food item list

> Adding expiration dates to food items

> Future features coming soon
